[docs] add 24.3.11.14 to documentation (#14257)
ydb-platform/ydb: ydb/docs/en/core/changelog-server.md

## Version 24.3 {#24-3}

### Version 24.3.11.14 {#24-3-11-14}

Release date: February 6, 2025.

#### Functionality

> * [Added](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/13251) support for restart without loss of cluster availability in [a minimal fault-tolerant configuration of a cluster](./concepts/topology#reduced) used the the 3 nodes variant of mirror-3-dc.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Added](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/13251) support for restart without downtime in [a minimal fault-tolerant configuration of a cluster](./concepts/topology.md#reduced) that uses the three-node variant of `mirror-3-dc`.
```

> * [Added](https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/pull/13220) new UDF Roaring Bitmap functions: AndNotWithBinary, FromUint32List, RunOptimize.

Reviewer: The link to documentation on these functions is missing.

Reviewer 2: @azevaykin Подскажи, есть документация к этим функциям? Если нет, куда ее правильно добавить?

Reviewer 2: Договорились с Антоном, что он добавит документацию https://github.com/ydb-platform/ydb/issues/14319 в начале следующий недели. Предлагаю публиковать без нее сегодня, а я добавлю ссылок по готовности.

Reviewer: ok
